{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;\red25\green25\blue25;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red25\green25\blue25;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13600\viewh18380\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'95 X menu letterspacing maggiore\
\
\'95 X testo body light -2pt\
\
\'95 X titolettini verdi + letterspacing\
\
\'95 X margine galleria + 10px dal testo sopra\
\
\'95 X rivedere la lightness delle immagini profili\
\
\'95 Xresponsivit\'e0 profili\
\
\'95 X contatti letterspacing +\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\'95 X Ti allego lo screen shot come vedo \'97 TEAM \'97 in verticale a dx, il passpartout a dx non sembra equivalente\
\
\'95 X Nei testi MAIUSCOLI \'a0(sia nei men\'f9 che nei titolati di sezione) aumenterei il letterspacing a + 2 o 2,5 , attualemente \'e8 1.5?\
\
\'95 X Anche in tutti gli altri testi (anche di descrizione controllare se \'e8 gi\'e0 light) inserirei anche qui un letterspacing +1 per migliorarne la leggibilit\'e0 mi sembrano un po otticamente vicini\
\
\'95 X Tirerei un po pi\'f9 s\'f9 il testo ABOUT US mi sembra che ci sia un po troppo spazio vuoto dopo il "fluid game\'94 della landing.\
\
\'95 X Per aumentare il feedback dello scroll delle immagini inserirei un piccolo testo alla fine di quello i Approach, magari in verde con scritto \'93scroll images" con freccetta a destra dovrebbe essere presente sempre nella font\
\
\'95 Gallery size mobile.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 su iphone non si illuminano i ritratti dei cv (su android si)\
\'95 su iphone non vedono la mappa alla fine \'a0(su android si)\
\'95 ruotando il monitor le immagini della strisciata vengono tagliate nella parte bassa\
\
\'95 Non teniamo pi\'f9 i logo in alto a dx in piccolo allo scroll, forse non ci starebbe male. che ne pensate?\
\
\'95 Forse farei il puntino della mappa leggermente pi\'f9 piccolo\cf3 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
MUTAZ\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf3 _ \'95 Is it done on purpose that each heading is partially underlined?
\f1\fs32 \cb1 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb4 \'95 X Under "about us" is it supposed to be 51th or 51?
\f1\fs32 \cb1 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb4 \'95 X\'a0Under "about us" you should take out the brackets.
\f1\fs32 \cb1 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb4 \'95 X Again it says Studio 51th North team - don't think that is correct
\f1\fs32 \cb1 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb4 _ \'95 There shouldn't be a period after director, project manager, and senior architect. If anything put a colon.
\f1\fs32 \cb1 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb4 \'95 X For Stefano instead of "graduated at the Politecnico...." it sounds better to say "A graduate of the Politecnico.."
\f1\fs32 \cb1 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb4 \'95 X For Stefano 2nd line - shouldn't it be Interior Design not Interior Designer (since it is his degree)
\f1\fs32 \cb1 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb4 _ \'95 The sentence "Starting from 2002 .... " is not very clear and last sentence it should be decided not decides.
\f1\fs32 \cb1 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb4 \'95 X\'a0For Patrick why haven't you mentioned where his degree is from?
\f1\fs32 \cb1 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb4 _ \'95 The sentence "Projects have taken him...." seems to just appear, as if it was cut and pasted in there.
\f1\fs32 \cb1 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb4 \'95 X If Patrick's title was Project and Design Manager it should all be capitalized not just Manager
\f1\fs32 \cb1 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb4 \'95X  Last sentence you need a space between project and manager.
\f1\fs32 \cb1 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb4 \'95X Again for Valentina you haven't mentioned where she graduated from or the fact that she joined the company. _ _ \'95 Also I think you should say "In 2015 her collaboration with Stefano Belletti began which resulted in the delivery of several projects worldwide" You should put an adjective before projects but I don't know what the projects are.
\f1\fs32 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
STEFANO B\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 About us:\
\'95 X\'a0cancellare th dopo tutti i 51\
\'95 X\'a0togliere parentesi tonde\
\
Mia bio\
\'95 X graduated of the invece di at\
\'95 X invece di starting from 2002 meglio between 2002-2007\
\'95 X invece di decides meglio decided\
\
Bio Patrick\
\'95 X After graduating in International logistics from the Huddersfield University in 1995,\
\'95 X cancellare frase projects have taken.....to Dubai\
\'95 X in 2013 project and design in maiuscolo la prima lettera\
\'95 O spazio tra as project manager nell ultima frase\
\
Valentina bio\
\'95 X graduated in 2001 from university of architecture in Milano\
\'95 X ultima frase aggiungere hospitality/residential projects worldwide\
\'95 X aggiungere dopo /she joints studio51north as architect&designer\cf2 \cb1 \
\
}